do you know where you came from
what's your name Rockland no that's the
name of the slave masters and all your
family you don't even know who you are
who are you
they roads land rose land use a pusher
muffler a thick blade a table straight
yet many let him come yours loves doing
respectively convicted stay your number
little I forgot in a dream
that's Devon
he was the prisoner who set himself free
a Muslim must be strikingly I write I
will not touched the white man's drugs
his liquor is when so that those in the
darkness can see the power of the light
I will not lie cheat or steal I believe
you will remain beautiful it was a
follower who became a leader you're not
an American we didn't land on Plymouth
Rock Plymouth Rock landed on us
he brought honor to disobedient I
suggest you look outside that window
you've been laying down and bowing down
before in the year I think it's time to
stand up all right break it up you got
what you would now I'm not satisfied
it's too much powerful one man half and
the voice to people longed to be heard
no you're saying I'm anti way I'm sorry
Betty I'm gonna haven't been the best
husband you advocate violence Joseph
Academy Award winner Denzel Washington's
most electrifying performance director
Spike Lee's of powerful film we all live
together I'm Cecilia